# Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
For this project, I developed a deep-Q learning algorithm to train an intelligent agent to find the best possible path through a maze.  I chose an exploration factor to balance exploration and explotation choices for the agent.  The algorithm was determined to be successful when a 100%-win rate was achieved.  Specifically, the intelligent agent in this game was a pirate trying to find the best path through a maze to a treasure.  The pirate finding the treasure was considered a win.  A neural network was trained and updated with each action of the agent until a 100%-win rate could be achieved.
# What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
Computer scientists use technology to improve society.  They work on a variety of projects that could include anything from writing a mobile or web app, or designing an Internet of Things gadget or programming a self-driving car that humans can use to make their lives better.
# How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
My main approach is to take a problem and look for the root cause of the problem.  I like to use things like debug statements, commenting out chunks of code as well as built-in debuggers to help find the problem code.  After the issue is isolated, I can then work to resolve it and reincorporate it back into the program as a whole.
# What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
My ethical responsibilities are to ensure that any code I write follows ethical guidelines such as avoiding harm and ensuring that the projects I work on are only for the benefit of society.  I also have a personal responsiblity to ensure that my code is free from errors and vulnerabilities that could lead to malicious attacks.  I am also responsible for making sure that I keep the end user in mind when writing code and ensuring that it meets the users expectations.
